Um...
Can I ask you one thing?
Good morning!
Oh, Maika-san, I was just interviewing—
We're getting a new member, right?
Nice to meet you! I'm Kanzaki Hideri!
I'm a spunky high school student!
I look forward to working with you!
AN IDOL CHARACTER, TOO
You're as cute as a doll!
Manager, is our new co-worker
starting today?
No, I haven't made up my mind yet.
Please don't cry!
Hey, what's all the commotion back here—
Hello? Is this the police?
Why are you always so quick
to call the police?
Well, I kind of get it, but not really.
We could have a cute new member
otakus would love.
We've been busy lately and shorthanded.
So why not hire on the spot?
Is there a problem?
There might be a slight overlap
with Mafuyu-san's character.
Oh yeah, it might be a little similar
to Hoshikawa's loli character type.
Well, I classify Mafuyu-san
as more "loli-granny"—
STAB
Stab!
Good morning.
H-Hole!
Good...
morning.
Is this the newbie?
Yep! Adorable, right?
Manager, give the thumbs-up already!
I think we've got a rare find here!
Add another person to make
the work load easier on me.
All right.
If you all insist, then I will.
Really? Can I really wear the café's uniform?
manly
Boku?
A girl who talks like a boy!
Ridiculously moe!
Whoa, so she already comes
with her own character.
Say, where's my uniform?
Oh, for today, you can wear
our spare shirt and pants.
This is so sudden
that I don't have an extra uniform yet!
Um, if you don't mind,
you could wear my spare uniform.
Thank you!
Can you tell me your sizes?
I'll order a uniform for you.
From the top, 73, 56...
Just small, medium or large, please.
How do I look?
It looks good on you! Very cute!
Maybe a little big.
I actually like that!
All right, everyone else suit up
and get ready to open!
Okay.
Welcome!
A new girl?
Thank you for coming to see Hideri today!
Everyone!
Be sure to take a selfie with me on
your way out!
So she's an idol character.
Wow!
Maika-san, Maika-san!
Could you help me for a minute?
Sure. Is there something
you're not sure about?
Ta-da! Twin idols!
Twin idols...
Maika-san, please do your sadist character!
The newbie is pretty popular.
Yeah.
That's a lukewarm response.
Strange, when we've got
a good new worker.
Well, the thing is...
What's wrong?
Are you okay?
I-I saw it.
An evil black lifeform...
R-Roach!
Oh, just a cockroach?
You startled us with that scream.
What is it?
Well, after all...
It's heading towards Hideri-chan!
The black lifeform!
SLAM
Hand...
With her hand...
Without any hesitation!
Amazing!
Hideri-chan, that was manly of you.
I-I was so scared!
Don't come near me with that hand!
Dun Dun
Filth has to be sterilized!
Never mind "manly."
Your new co-worker is a man.
A cross-dresser!?
We really did get a great find this time!
Well, that's fine,
but you should write "male"
on your resume.
What? I can't put "girl"?
No.
Come to think of it,
why did you apply here?
My dream is to become a cute idol!
I think that's why God made me so cute!
He's calling himself "cute."
But my parents don't understand,
so I want to show them
just how talented I am as an idol
by first gaining fans here!
Otherwise...
I'll have to inherit the family farm!
I hate being surrounded by bugs!
And pigs! I want moe pigs!
I want to get people's attention!
You're the manager here? Wow!
Then can we go in next time?
By all means! If you come in,
delicious sweets will be on the house.
Yay! Awesome!
It's okay to bring a lot of your friends
from school, too.
Then should we barge in with everyone?
Yeah!
Then we'll see you soon, Manager!
Bye-bye!
I'll be waiting!
A-Akizuki-san! What was that for?
Hitting on high school girls
in broad daylight?
No! Just trying to bring in
more customers!
If Sakuranomiya saw that,
she'd get the wrong idea.
If Maika-san saw that,
she wouldn't think anything of it!
That's because you suck badly at courtship
and haven't made any progress.
That hurts, Akizuki-san.
Kanzaki-san?
You were there?
So that's what the manager's like!
CHUCKLE...
Hey, don't gesture like that.
This is like Miu-san #2.
All right!
If you suck at it, Manager,
I've got various lectures for you!
Really?
However, you have to say I'm cute!
If the cost of advice
is calling him "cute," that's cheap.
Besides, you're always
calling this and that "cute."
Cu...
"Cu..."?
You're cute.
Is it that distasteful to you?
That's his problem. But all right, fine!
First, compliment her!
Whether you say she's cute or whatever,
girls are pleased to be praised!
Me, too! I like people who compliment
the selfies I put up on my SNS!
What do you think?
You sure have a lot of photos on here.
Why are they all with sad eyebrows,
a duck face and thigh-high socks?
Shut up. Ask me that again,
and I'll clock you.
Welcome!
Um, table for two.
First, compliment her!
You're here again?
Please sit where you want, but at a table
where you won't be in the way.
Right!
Go on, compliment her! Compliment her!
Shoo, shoo!
Maika-san...
Yes?
Maika-san, you're so kind and wonderful.
GONG
Wasn't I being sadistic?
No, that's not what I meant!
I guess I'm not cut out
for customer service.
No!
Maika-san, you're taking it the wrong way!
You're useless when it comes to saying
something in words, Manager.
Yep.
Then gain points by your actions!
Actions?
Yeah. For example...
I'm going back to work.
Help her out like this.
You tripped me.
It was a performance
to give the manager guidance.
I think I can do that!
I'm gonna help Maika-san now!
I'll take your order.
But try not to spit as you give it.
SHIVER
Come on, make it snappy!
M-Manager?
We're not serving you any food!
Wha... Whaaat?
What were you thinking?
Helping someone doesn't mean
interfering with their work!
Right.
This time, we made it look like it was
a "surprise sadist act" from the manager.
Jeez.
What are you doing,
you lousy piece of poop?
Poop? Now I'm poop?
Hey, don't say "poop" in the kitchen!
All right, this is rather obvious,
but let's move on to presents!
Presents?
Yes. Let's see, to practice,
treat me to an expensive dessert buffet.
No way.
Humph.
But giving her a present is a good idea.
I'm not quite the same person
I was before!
They're so cute!
I'm taking a break!
Okay.
Maika-san!
As an employee here, please partake!
Th-This much goes above and beyond
my status as an employee!
I can't partake!
What? Uh...
Th-Then...
Is there anything else you would like?
Please just name it!
I don't need to take a break!
Maika-san!
What's the sigh about?
Did something happen?
Actually, during my break,
the manager had a luxurious spread
out in the back room.
I've heard of something like that before.
When a parent
is going to abandon their child,
they suddenly treat them to something,
since it's going to be the last time.
Am I going to be let go?
I don't think so.
That's not going to happen.
That could've been my last supper!
No!
It didn't mean that, Maika-san!
Manager...
I'm not going to let you go!
Please stay here forever!
What I wanted to tell you today is...
What I wanted to tell you,
Maika-san, is that I l...
"L..."?
I care about you a lot!
R-Really?
I care about you a lot, too, Manager!
Slip!
Really?
Yes! Very much!
What is this?
I stocked up on writing paper,
so I don't have to go outside
until the next event.
Hideri-chan?
Yoo-hoo!
Huh?
Hi-de-ri-CHAN!
I was so engrossed in my phone
that I didn't notice you!
It's dangerous to fiddle
with your phone while walking.
Sorry.
By the way, I see that you normally
wear glasses, Miu-san.
I wear contacts at work,
but otherwise I go with glasses.
Wh-What is that, like an idol thing?
I won't stand for that!
Idol thing?
Jeez...
I guess I always have to be on guard!
So you're shopping incognito today?
Well, I wouldn't say "incognito."
Are you out shopping, too, Hideri-chan?
I've been searching high and low
for a new outfit,
but I haven't found anything good!
How can I put it?
There just aren't any clothes
that can match my charm!
DRAG DRAG
Then I'll help you look.
I make clothes shine!
People should see me as a whole kit
together with my clothes!
What kind would be good?
What kind are you looking for?
The first condition is that it has to be cute,
and I also want it to make an impact!
How about aiming for the gap?
Aim for the gap moe! I like it!
I LIKE SUSHI
Oh, that's cute.
I'm not interested in "jokey cute."
Sorry, sorry. Is there an outfit
you'd like to try on, Hideri-chan?
An outfit that takes advantage
of my potential!
How about the goth loli?
Cute! Cute!
Of course! Because I'm wearing it!
What are you doing?
Please keep your mouth shut.
But goth loli clothes are expensive,
way over my budget.
If you can't do goth loli,
how about trying something a little mature?
The sexy route?
Nice!
But...
that kind of thing would look great on me.
It might be too stimulating for my fans!
Oh dear...
PUNCH
Hey, please stop
punching me softly in the stomach.
There are more shops down this way,
so let's take a look...
What's wrong?
You keep squirming.
I want to pick flowers.
Oh, the restroom, right?
No!
Idols do not go to the restroom!
Jeez!
Impact there right now will make me...
PUNCH
Picking flowers!
Hideri-chan!
I found a restroom!
I told you,
I don't have to go to the restroom!
I want to pick flowers!
Is that right?
Then shall I search for flowers?
Just this time! Just this one time,
I'm going to the restroom!
Yeah, yeah.
I'll be right back!
Please don't aim for early retirement
due to a scandal.
I wasn't thinking! This time for sure!
Huh?
That is the men's room, right?
Then why?
I feel much better!
I didn't know
what was going to happen back there.
If I'd sprung a leak in the street,
it would've resulted in a major scandal—
Excuse me.
Oof...
What's wrong?
I staggered for a moment
under the weight
of my heavy drawing paper.
Let me carry it for you.
O             H
Paper is pretty heavy.
But that's okay.
I'll carry it.
I can't have you staggering around
when we're walking together.
Besides, this isn't like boxes of cabbages
that need to be shipped out.
I mean, my character
is supposed to be really weak, but...
What are you doing?
I just can't find a decent outfit!
Even though we've been
to a bunch of shops...
Now I can't make it to the top of Stile!
That's what you're after?
Instead of buying something,
why don't you try
making your own outfit?
Actually, I tried that several times,
but I'd get obsessive about the details.
The materials were surprisingly expensive,
and by the time I finished it,
the season would be over,
so I didn't have a chance to wear it!
And the style I made it in
would be out of style by then!
That's what can happen when you make
something based on the season.
Oh, I have an idea!
If you're not opposed to it,
how about asking Mafuyu-san
if she has any outfits she doesn't need?
What kind of clothes
does Mafuyu-san wear again?
I'm not interested in anyone but myself,
so I can't really remember,
but Mafuyu-san is short, so...
Um, I don't know
if a smock would look good on me.
A smock?
How cute!
Not bad.
Is cosplay your hobby, Mafuyu-san?
No.
I just get satisfaction
out of buying the outfits.
This is more cosplay
than someone's used clothing!
It's cute, but I can't
walk outside wearing this!
You need to understand TPO,
Time, Place and Occasion!
Okay, okay.
Is that right?
In that case...
Could this be your...
That's right. I just couldn't
make myself throw it away, so I kept it.
Hi-de-ri-chan...
I knew it!
I knew your intention was to use me
as a plaything from the very beginning!
Okay, okay.
What's the harm?
N-No!
Onii-chan! Welcome home!
We've been waiting for you!
Today we'll introduce you to a new friend!
I'm Hideri-chan!
OWNER INAUGURATION, SISTER ATTACK
Smile!
Sweet!
Sister!
Sadistic!
Suprise!
Service!
We are Stile!
Nii-sama fansubs presents:
さあ扉を開けて
saa tobira wo akete
Now, open the door
未知なるパラダイス
michi naru paradaisu
Come here!
体験しよう　おいで　おいでよ
taikenshiyou oide oide yo!
Let's experience the unknown paradise.
君を待つのは不思議なオアシス
kimi wo matsu no wa fushigi na oashisu
Mysterious oasis with sipcy flavour
ほっこり日常に ちょっぴりスパイス
hokkori nichijou ni choppiri supaisu
is waiting for you everyday.
くるくる　かき混ぜちゃうんだ
kurukuru kakimazechaun da
Spinning, spinning. I'm stirring!
ぐるぐる　縦じまのフレイバー
guruguru tatejima no fureibaa
Round and round, vertical stripes of flavor.
サービス　サービス　ご褒美タイム
saabisu saabisu gohoubi taimu
Service, service! It's a reward time!
おもてなし　心込めて
omotenashi kokoro komete
We want to serve you from the bottom of our hearts.
Welcome to　わーい
Welcome to wai
Welcome to! Yay!
私たちと一緒に
watashitachi to issho ni
Please experience with us
めくるめくWonder Daydream
mekurumeku wonder day dream
the dazzling, wonder daydream.
愛情をマシマシ
aijou wo mashi mashi
Feel the increase of love affection
煩悩をなでまで
bannou wo nade made
with each headpat, until reaching your limit.
誠心誠意勤めます
seishinseii tsutomemasu
We'll put whole hearts into our work!
Yes　キミの元気チャージに
yes! kimi no genki chaaji ni
Yes! Can I play a part
一役買えるかな
hitoyaku kaeru kana
in recharging your life energy?
こういった感じも
kou itta kanji mo
This kinds of feelings
ああいった感じも
aa itta kanji mo
and that kinds of feelings
意外と悪くないでしょ
igai to warukunai deshou
aren't bad too, you know?
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(bouno bouno burendo shitai)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
キミに　きゅんきゅんきゅん
kimi ni kyun kyun kyun!
I will make you swoon, swoon, swoon!
ハートに パンチパンチパンチ
haato ni panchi panchi panchi!
With a punch, punch, punch to your heart.
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
お口に合いますか？
okuchi ni aimasuka?
Are you enjoying your meal?
お口に合うといいな！
okuchi ni au to ii na
Does it suit your tastes?